>> Sarah Drasner: So we can also
just add tiny bits of interaction.
We talked a little bit about
how we don't think in booleans.
Maybe we can help show
the difference between states, and
it can be something small,
like the change of an icon.
Maybe we just change the search button and
save some space in our UI.
And you know how this is done,
this is just a circle and a line, and
I'm moving those attributes
in order to create that.
So I'm using this to set
the SVG DOM nodes, and
it's also lining up with
that input in that place.
So I put the focus into the input,
and I change the opacity.
We can also use JS for
CSS animation detection.
So if you do wanna use CSS, you can
figure out when an animation starts,
when an iteration fires, and
it will keep logging this little guy.
I don't know what this guy is.
I thought it was an owl but the GreenSock
people thought it was a fish but,
I don't know.
I make these things late at night,
[LAUGH].
And in animation has completed.
So this is I'm just hooking into
native events here, animationstart,
animationiteration, and animationend.
And here's the EventListeners,
it's not super complicated to work with.
Another thing you can do is if you're
working with a giant system across a bunch
of different things, and
you want to have composable animations, so
different composable bits.
You can create an animation and
have similar timings and
easing structure across the whole system.
So that people aren't re-communicating
animation all the time.
One thing is storing eases so
that everybody's using the same eases and
people aren't inventing new eases.
Remember we showed that one thing
had sign, sign, sign and a pop.
If I built out a new animation for
that site I would use sign,
sign, sign, and a pop.
I would use the same kind
of easing structures.
The other thing I'm doing here is I have
a few timing values like H1, H2, H3.
So when you go to create text on a site,
you're not rethinking about PE tags and
what that size is.
You're not rethinking about H1s.
They're always gonna be
the same across the whole site.
You can think about animations
the same way and have T1, T2, T3, T4.
And of course the T5
is like the body copy,
everyone uses T5 out of the gate and
just adjusts up and down from there.
So you keep all the animations consistent.
And then people who need an animation
in your system who aren't good at
animations are just plugging into some
beautiful defaults that you have set up.
You're not creating new things every time.